# MikroTik RouterOS < v7 - Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) in UserManager Web Interface - *Exploit Title:* MikroTik RouterOS < v7 - Reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) - *Date:* 2025-07-03 - *Exploit Author:* Ahmed Mutaher - *Vendor Homepage:* [https://mikrotik.com](https://mikrotik.com) - *Software Link:* [https://mikrotik.com/download](https://mikrotik.com/download) - *Version:* All versions prior to v7.0 - *Tested on:* - RB1100AHx4 (v6.48.2) - RB750GL (v6.39) - CCR1009-8G-1S-1S+ (v6.41) - x86 (v5.20, v6.49.18) - *CVE:* Pending --- ## 📄 Description A reflected Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability exists in MikroTik RouterOS versions prior to v7, specifically in the UserManager web interface. This flaw can be exploited by unauthenticated attackers, allowing JavaScript injection via a specially crafted URL *without requiring a valid login session*. During analysis of the /userman page, it was discovered that the application attempts to mitigate input by discarding any content after the double slash (//). However, by repeating the payload and crafting it carefully, this behavior can be bypassed, resulting in execution of arbitrary JavaScript in the browser context. --- ## 🔗 Vulnerable Endpoint 
http:///userman/',true);alert('XSS');//',true);alert('XSS');//
--- ## 🧪 Proof of Concept (PoC) Payload: 
http://192.168.88.1/userman/',true);alert('XSS');//',true);alert('XSS');//
--- ### 🧭 Steps to Reproduce 1. Open the target RouterOS UserManager URL in a browser without logging in. 2. Inspect the page source and identify the reflected input behavior. 3. Notice that the system strips content after //. 4. Craft the payload to repeat the malicious code to bypass the filtering. 5. When the payload is executed, an alert box is triggered, proving the XSS vulnerability. --- ## 🎯 Impact - JavaScript execution *without authentication* - Potential for *phishing* or *redirection attacks* - Can be used as part of a *social engineering* chain to trick admins or users --- ## 🛡 Mitigation - Sanitize all user input using context-aware encoding (e.g., htmlspecialchars()). - Implement a strict *Content Security Policy (CSP). - Avoid reflecting unsanitized GET parameters in HTML or JavaScript contexts. --- ## 📬 Contact - **Author:* Ahmed Mutaher - *Email:* (optional if you want to add it) - *GitHub:* [yourusername] --- > ⚠️ This content is published for educational and responsible disclosure purposes only. Misuse of this information is strictly prohibited. 
